- 👋 Hi, I’m @jessereyj
- 👀 Jesserey Joseph will be your coach/lead architect/consulting and share his experience, tutorial, and reviews about Apigee/WSO2 API management, Spring Boot Microservices, React Micro-frontend, Containerization, AI / Machine Learning, Hybrid Cloud Transformation, Ansible, DevSecOps, and his favorite cloud certifications such as Red Hat, AWS, GCP, Kubernetes, and Azure. He's leading the technical strategy and vision to challenge both business and technical constraints to achieve a solid design. Plus, migrating legacy services and APIs into the Microservice container platform and realizing the benefit of high scalability, high availability, self-healing, and strong security. He has achieved 33x cloud certifications from Aug 2019 to Nov 2021 and has 17+ years of working experience in software development and architecture including cloud application, full-stack development, databases, payment gateway integration, data encryption solutions, messaging queue, distributed streaming, and big data solutions. He is also responsible for making sure that a company's business strategy uses proper technology systems architecture to achieve three things such as saving money, mitigating risk, and championing digital transformation. He can help you build your own cloud and save your investment. He knows you want to avoid the overhead investment for your business. Sometimes we are blind to the cloud within us. We don't use all cloud services and regions if your client is based in the Philippines. At an enterprise-wide level, he can help you determine the business problem and business value of your target BDAT (Business, Data, Application, Technology) architecture against your baseline architecture regardless of the specific industry. It helps maximize the value of investments, and proactively identifies opportunities to gain business benefits and manage risk.
- 📫 How to reach me: jessereyj@linux.com

<!---
jessereyj/jessereyj is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
